docs: minor improvements (#97)
Okazari/Rythm.js: README.md

```js
const rythm = new Rythm()

/* The starting scale is the minimum scale your element will take (Scale ratio is startingScale + (pulseRatio * currentPulse)).
 * Value in percentage between 0 and 1
 * Default: 0.75
 */
rythm.startingScale = value

/* The pulse ratio is be the maximum additional scale your element will take (Scale ratio is startingScale + (pulseRatio * currentPulse)).
 * Value in percentage between 0 and 1
 * Default: 0.30
 */
rythm.pulseRatio = value

/* The max value history represent the number of passed value that will be stored to evaluate the current pulse.
 * Int value, minimum 1
 * Default: 100
 */
rythm.maxValueHistory = value

/* Set the music the page will dance to
 * @audioUrl: '../example/mysong.mp3'
 */
rythm.setMusic(audioUrl)

/* Used to collaborate with other players library.
 * You can connect Rythm to an audioElement, and then control the audio with your other player
 */
rythm.connectExternalAudioElement(audioElement)

/* Adjust audio gain
 * @value: Number
 */
rythm.setGain(value)

/* Add your own rythm-class
 * @elementClass: Class that you want to link your rythm to
 * @danceType: Use any of the build in effect or give your own function

>  * @startValue: The starting of your rythm

Reviewer: The word `frequency` is missing
```suggestion
 * @startValue: The starting frequency of your rythm
```

Author: my bad...

 * @nbValue: The number of frequency of your rythm
 * 1024 Frequencies, your rythm will react to the average of your selected frequencies.
 * Examples: bass 0-10 ; medium 150-40 ; high 500-100
 */
rythm.addRythm(elementClass, danceType, startValue, nbValue)

/* Plug your computer microphone to rythm.js.

>  * This function returns a resolved promise when the microphone is up.

Reviewer: Are you sure of this change ?

Author: yes, but what do you suggest?

Reviewer: LGTM :)

 * Require your website to be run in HTTPS
 */
rythm.plugMicrophone().then(function(){...})

// Let's dance
rythm.start()

/* Stop the party

>  * @freeze: Set this to true if you want to prevent the element to reset to its initial position

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @freeze: Set this to true if you want to prevent the elements to reset to their initial position
```
